README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<a href="https://lab900.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://lab900.github.io/angular-library-ui/assets/images/logo-duo-dark.svg" width="100">
</a>
<h1>Lab900 - Angular UI library</h1>

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)

</p>

A set of Angular 11+ form components built on top of [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/). \
View the [showcase](https://lab900.github.io/angular-library-ui/) for guides & examples

## Getting started

- [UI library](https://lab900.github.io/angular-library-ui/getting-started)

## Dev setup

1. Go to project root in terminal
2. $ npm i --legacy-peer-deps
3. $ npm run watch:ui
4. $ npm run start

## Automatic deployment via Google Cloud

1. Start working from the dev branch for new features. Make pull requests to dev before merging.
2. Any push to dev will automatically trigger a deploy to NPM with an alpha release (e.g. 3.0.1-alpha.1). The alpha build numbers are automatically incremented and the main version is kept.
3. Any push to main will automatically trigger a deploy to NPM with the version found in lib/package.json. This means you need to manually set the version in the package.json to release a full version.

## Manual Deploy to NPM (deprecated)

1. $ npm login
2. $ ./deploy-manual.sh
3. Commit and push version increment to repository

Commit message:

chore: ci/cd flow update
(cherry picked from commit 1b408247bdd8a23016a63711cffcc0965e083890)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<a href="https://lab900.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://lab900.github.io/angular-library-ui/assets/images/logo-duo-dark.svg" width="100">
</a>
<h1>Lab900 - Angular UI library</h1>

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)

</p>

A set of Angular 11+ form components built on top of [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/). \
View the [showcase](https://lab900.github.io/angular-library-ui/) for guides & examples

## Getting started

- [UI library](https://lab900.github.io/angular-library-ui/getting-started)

## Run the project locally

```bash
$ npm i
$ npm run watch:ui # in a separate terminal
$ npm run start
```

## Releasing a new version

1. Bump the lib version
2. Tag the commit with the version number
3. Push the tag to the repository
4. The deployment will be triggered automatically

```bash
$ cd lib/ui
$ npm version YOUR_VERSION
$ cd ../../
$ git tag YOUR_VERSION
$ git push origin YOUR_VERSION
```
